Known Bugs in XRoads:
---------------------

Monsters sometimes attack the little explosions that occur, and get stuck
in a loop (Not a fatal problem, but a little annoying)

Some difficulties with monsters being sucked up by vaccuums; can be pulled
into walls, or sucked past other monsters

On Solaris, there's a block on the screen that if you shoot it and then
walk through it, you will get a segfault. This ONLY happens on Solaris it
seems, and Solaris doesn't get the above bug. I think they're caused by
the same problem though. (This might have been fixed/changed.. I don't
have a Solaris machine to test it on at the moment)

Walking in the same direction you're firing ruins the handling a
noticeable amount. This is because the game thinks you're trying to walk
into your bullet, and stops you (And starts you again when it notices the
bullet is out of the way). I don't know how I'll fix this yet...
Hopefully, if I make things move a half square at a time (like the
original Crossroads did), this will be fixed. (With new player motion,
it's not so bad, so I don't think I'll bother fixing it) (Could be fixed
by keeping a relation between player speed and shot speed? Probably more
work than it's worth, and would screw up some gameplay)

With a low bit depth, allocating colors isn't very aggressive. Therefor,
if you're running other programs that are hogging the pallette, XRoads
loses a lot of it's colors. It doesn't seem to be a huge problem, and only
really happens when I'm running Enlightenment in 8bpp (NOT my usual setup)

Fixed Bugs:
-----------

Characters intermittently pause when holding a key down (Might be fixed
with new keyboard handling)
***** Fixed! (This doesn't seem to be happening anymore, so I think it's
safe to say the new key handling must have done the trick. Not sure why it
was happening before though...)

Firing delay doesn't work correctly when game is slowed down using -delay
***** Fixed! (At least, I *think* it's fixed... to be honest, I'm not sure
what I meant by this in the first place)

Archers don't move. Something is setting data[ARCHER].speed to -2, so it
will never move. This is probably an array overrun like the next two
problems
***** Fixed! (In fileops.c, I was initializing the map to be blank before
filling it with walls, however, my loop to blank it out was really screwed
up, and threw -2's into data[ARCHER].speed about 900 times instead.
Unfortunately, this doesn't seem to be the source of any of the other bugs
so far...)

If you fire north from the top row of the screen in the 4th - 7th columns
(only possible on some maps), your character will start moving. To stop,
you have to press that direction again. I haven't been able to find out
why this is happening, though I'm sure I'm overrunning an array somewhere
(Can anyone find it?)
--- Update!
This bug has mutated! Now, if you fire north from the top row, fourth
column, there is a segfault. This change is probably because of a change
to the way key data is handled, but the cause of this bug is most likely
still the same
***** Fixed! (spawnbullet() wasn't correcting the initial position of the
bullet, so if you fired from the top of the map, the y value would be -1,
and it would write into a negative subscript in maze[][]. Strange that
this didn't happen in more areas of the map...)

When the game is paused, the other three players appear in their respective
starts, even if they're not playing (Does not affect anything else though)
***** Fixed (Actually, I knew right away what was causing this, but kept
putting off fixing it, as there was bigger problems. The problem was that
it was running through monst[x], and redrawing everything, forgetting that
the players reside in monst[0-3]. It was also starting the loop at 1,
which would miss the first player, so I caught a bug I didn't even know
about :)

If game crashes, X's key repeats are turned off (Or rather, not turned
back on). "xset r" will fix this, and I'm not sure if there's any way to
fix it anyways.
***** Fixed (Used a signal handler to reset key repeats (as well as
disconnect from X) on a fatal signal. Will also reset keyrepeats on a ^C
and other such signals)
